MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Digital Twins Foundation Models Research Team

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

## Citation

If you use this repository or the associated research paper, please cite:

Alsaedi, S., Gao, X., & Gojobori, T. (2025). Beyond digital twins: the role of 
foundation models in enhancing the interpretability of multiomics modalities 
in precision medicine. FEBS Open Bio. https://doi.org/10.1002/2211-5463.70003

## Acknowledgments

This work is based on the research paper published in FEBS Open Bio and 
represents collaborative efforts in advancing the field of medical digital 
twins and foundation models for precision medicine.

The repository contains supplementary materials, code examples, and 
documentation to support reproducible research and practical implementation 
of the concepts discussed in the paper.

## Disclaimer

This repository is provided for educational and research purposes. The code 
examples and implementations are intended to demonstrate concepts and should 
not be used directly in clinical settings without proper validation, 
regulatory approval, and clinical testing.

Medical applications require rigorous validation, regulatory compliance, and 
clinical oversight. Users are responsible for ensuring appropriate use and 
compliance with relevant regulations and ethical guidelines.

